welcome to my channel today we're going
to talk about expressions in English
that are related to your work so for
example if you are working in an
American company or if you're working in
an english-speaking country you would
want to use these expressions in order
to sound more American when talking
about money and business so if you're
interested please continue watching this
video to give you some background on me
I moved to the United States in 2015 to
run my own company which is lengua trip
calm and act up with a lot of investment
funds I've dealt with all the foreigners
so the expressions that I'm gonna talk
about today I hear them all the time so
it's very important not only to
understand them but use them as well in
order to be more natural and by the way
language of calm is a booking platform
for language courses abroad and if
you're ready to bring your English out
there to a real world to start
practicing with native speakers and
attend a local school in San Francisco
for example go to lingua trip and Voki
language course now let's move to the
expressions expression number one is
probably my favorite is called from rags
to riches and it talks about the real
American dream to imagine a poor
immigrant came to the United States I
came to the United States with like we
had three thousand dollars for three
co-founders they become successful and
their company grows and this is the
expression from rags to riches by the
way if you want to translate the word
rags
drats describes clothes of a poor person
that I will torn apart and dirty and if
you see homeless people this is
basically they wear rags the next
expression put your money where your
mouth is and that means stop talking
about what you can do and start acting
to put your money where your mouth is
I think sometimes in business world that
is a real problem like people start
talking about how awesome they are but
then come on you can also use this
expression in order to bet with somebody
like if you're talking here so good
that's bad that I'll pay you $2,000
you achieve that so put your money where
your mouth is the next expression is my
two cents so imagine you're in a
conversation and nobody asks for your
opinion but you feel that you can
contribute so you can say this is just
my two cents but I think blah blah blah
blah blah for example if somebody tells
you you're not gonna get it it's
impossible to move to America I can say
my two cents um we actually did that for
example I know my two cents that's my
two cents thank you hey Ramsey
next expression cost an arm or leg which
means something is really really
expensive for example rent in San
Francisco costs an arm and leg because
that one-bedroom apartment will be like
a twenty thousand five hundred dollars a
month so many people have to share their
apartments like even adults when they're
35 they still share but when you're in
awesome place surrounded by founders you
are motivated to do more you're
motivated to achieve more most important
motivators to move to the United States
hear those sounds I'm babysitting my
friend's dog and he is chewing his toy
okay ask him to stop hey here come here
the next expression is not exactly
connected to your workplace or earning
money it just uses a term coin so the
expression is to coined a new term for
example Shakespeare used a lot of new
English words in his text and people
adopted them and now they use them all
the time and this means Shakespeare
coined a lot of new terms right now I
can totally relate to a lot of things
like linguae trip oh my god I think we
coined a new term here so you can go on
a Leawood trip which means you can go on
a language trip or when you say let's
google it this is when the names of
companies actually start meeting and you
think to Google means to search to
search on Google and you can think of a
lot of stuff related to you companies
snapchat that Instagram that YouTube
that so basically we're coining new
terms here another expression is super
funny to cook the books the meaning you
sell super funny means you are miss
calculating your financials in order to
avoid paying taxes there are two
different things
we can talk about there is tax evasion
which is illegal tax evasion which means
you are yes you're cooking your books
and you're not paying taxes when you
have to tax avoidance is a totally
illegal thing when you hire an
accountant called CPA in America and he
asks you do you remember doing this or
doing that and he like through your
conversation you figure out that you
have more cost that you can write off
from your profits and then you end up
not paying taxes but this is legal
because you're just following rules
imposed by the IRS which is a tax
government in in the United States tax
officials so to cook the books don't do
that I did help cut the book said I
could do that the next expression to
wear many hats and I'm wearing many hats
so that means doing a lot of different
stuff within a company
so I co-founded linguae trip I am
responsible for marketing deal with our
sales team work with a partner's ID or
accounting so there are many many tasks
that are performing so wearing many hats
inside of our company the bottom line
that's a very important expression I
hear it all the time the bottom line
means the most important thing in your
business which means your guests earning
money the bottom line is in a business
the most important thing is any business
is profit margin and the good way to use
this term will be to talk about
investors for example ambassadors always
care about the bottom line which means
investors care about the most important
thing they care about making money
the next term and I think you should
have it in your language as well which
is called calling some companies base
their marketing on it especially in
America all I got I think I receive at
least two cold calls during the day in
America never happened to me in Russia
so you well it happened but less for
example you sit and I'm like recording a
video and then I receive a phone call
from I don't know number and I pick the
phone hello this is Mary from Cruise
this you wanna trip more effective they
just start marketing like that this is
so crazy bad thing about America here is
that once you sign up for a newsletter
or you leave your phone somewhere they
just distribute it there is no law
I guess protecting your emails or phone
calls at least when I sign up for
something and give my phone number I
will get hundreds of phone calls the
next day so this is called cold calling
when you call people who haven't
expressed interest in your business
you're just asking them you're just
calling them and offering them things
the door it's called cold calling job
before I move to my next expression I
want to ask you guys for a really
important import for me because I want
to start another channel in English as
well I want to start talking about
building career and becoming an
entrepreneur and starting a new trip in
social media so my question to you is
would you rather work for a big
corporation or a study your own company
police write down in comments below
either it's a big company that you
want to work for or you want to start on
your own this is really important from
you guys so I'll be really looking
forward to receiving your comments and
now after you left a comment we're gonna
go to the last expression the last
expression is back to the drawing board
imagine that you're in a meeting with
your co-founders and you have this
whiteboard and you have the whole plan
on your whiteboard and then you started
bringing it to life and suddenly fails
and then you tell yourself okay we need
to go back to the drawing board because
something would drew on it wasn't right
because the plan never worked out this
is an expression used in real life use
in the real workplace life back to the
drawing board got a drawing board all
right guys thank you so much for
watching this video I am waiting for
your comments remember they're really
really important for me if you enjoyed
watching this vlog please like this
video if you want to travel and study
abroad lingo trip comm booking platform
for language courses you get them
cheaper than booking directly with
school because we have large amounts of
students and we get exclusive discounts
and offers I would be really honored if
you use linguae trip to travel abroad
thank you so much guys watching this
video thank you so much for subscribing
ll see you in the next +
[Music]